Doc reorg: Configuring CumulusCI (#2117)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/config.rst

Configuring CumulusCI
=====================

> 

Reviewer: Also as I mentioned in person, I think we should move this section further down in the overall docs outline.

* **Project** - This section is largely generated by running ``cci project init`` and has two major sub-categories: ``package``, and ``git``. The ``package`` sub-section contains information about the project's package, while the ``git`` sub-section contains a link to the project's GitHub repository, any branch prefixes being utilized.

* **Tasks** - This section lists any tasks that are currently being configured by your project. See `task configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

* **Flows** - This section lists any flows that are currently being configured by your project. See `flow configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

* **Sources** - This section lists any GitHub repositories who's custom tasks and flows you would like to make available to CumulusCI. See the `using tasks and flows from a different project`_ section for more info.

* **Orgs** - This section lists any customizations you've made to orgs that are available to CumulusCI.new org used for testing multicurrency.

> * **Plans** - This section contains any custom plans you have defined for how to install your project into a customer org. See more about plans on Metadeploy `here<TODO>`_

Author: I think that we need a "cumulusci.yml Reference" section.

Task Configurations
-------------------
Task configurations are made under the ``tasks:`` top-level section of your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
With some simple changes in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file under the ``task`` section, you can configure a lot of build automation nctionality without ever touching any Python code.

Overriding a Task Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The `internal cumulusci.yml file <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ that ships with CumulusCI defines the `deploy task <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/d038f606d97f50a71ba1d2d6e9462a249b28864e/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml#L129>`_ with the following YAML::

    tasks:
        deploy:
            description: Deploys the src directory of the repository to the org
            class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
            options:
                path: src

You can **override** the ``path`` option by adding the following to your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file::

    tasks:
        deploy:
            options:
                path: some_other_dir

Add a Custom Task
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Say that you want to take the above example and create a custom task named ``deploy_reports`` to make it more apparent what this task is doing.

Author: @davidmreed - Do you have a good example of what type of Metadata a user might want to have deployable via a global custom task, but wouldn't want that Metadata/task to be included in any projects?

I guess I'm confused as to what a useful "global customization" would look like for the `deploy` task.

        3.1) task: dx_push
            when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

There are four steps to this flow. The first three steps are themselves flows, and the last step is a task.

All **non-negative numbers and decimals** are valid as step numbers in a flow.
This makes it easy to add steps before, in-between, or after existing flow steps.
If we wanted to add a step at the beginning of the dev org flow, valid step numbers would include any number greater than or equal to zero and less than 1.
Example values would include: 0, 0.3, and 0.89334.
All of these would cause the step to execute before step 1 in the ``dev_org`` flow.

If you wanted to add a step between steps 2 and 3, then a step number of 2.5 could be utilized.

If you wanted to add a step number that runs after all steps in the flow, then any step number greater than 4 could be utilized.

Skip a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To skip a flow step, set the desired step number to a task with the value of ``None``.

Reviewer: No. If the existing step is a subflow rather than a task, then skipping it requires setting `flow: None` instead of `task: None`.

If you're looking for more information using scratch orgs with CumulusCI see `Scratch Org Environments`_. 

Override a Default Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
These overrides pertain only to scratch orgs.
You can override the following values for org:

* ``days`` - integer - Number of days for the scratch org to persist.
* ``namespaced`` - boolean - Whether or not the scratch org is a `namespaced org <TODO sf link?>`_.
* ``config_file`` - string - Path to the org definition file to use when building the scratch org.

To override a value you can use the following syntax

.. code-block:: yaml
    
    orgs:
        org_name:
            key: value 

The following demonstrates how to override the default number of days from 7 to 15 on the ``dev`` org:

.. code-block:: yaml

    orgs:
        dev:
            days: 15

Configuration Scopes
--------------------
When we reference ``cumulusci.yml`` in our documentation, we are referring to the ``cumulusci.yml`` file located in your project's root directory.
In actuality, CumulusCI merges multiple `YAML <https://yaml.org/>`_ files that allow for configuration to occur at several distinct scopes.

> All of these files are have the same name- ``cumulusci.yml`` -but live in different locations on the file system.

Reviewer: (or use actual em dashes with no space)

> You can configure files at three scope levels: Project, Local Project, Global.

Reviewer: You're using the old names for these. Our current preferred terms are:
- `universal config` for the contents of the cumulusci.yml that is part of CumulusCI itself.
- `global config` for the contents of ~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml (i.e. overrides that are specific to this user, but apply to all of their projects)
- `project config` for the contents of cumulusci.yml in the project repository
- `project local config` for the contents of ~/.cumulusci/[project name]/cumulusci.yml (i.e. overrides that are specific to this user and specific to one particular project)

Configurations have the following order of override precedence (from highest to lowest):

* Local Project
* Project
* Global

One override will only cascade over another when two configurations are setting a value for the same element on a task or flow.
For example, say there exists a task T that takes two options o1 and o2.

> You can specify a default value for o1 in your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file and a default for o2 in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file and everything will work as exepected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify a default value for o1 in your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file and a default for o2 in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file and you'll see the expected result - both values are available in the project, but the default fo o1 is not exposed to other projects.
```

If you then change your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file to also specify a default value for o2, this will take precedence over the default value specified in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

The following diagram illustrates these three files along with their corresponding scopes in green.
Changes made to configuration files on top will override any changes in files below them (if they are present).

.. image:: images/cci-yml-chart.png

Local Project Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> **File Path:** ``~/.cumulusci/project_name/cumulusci.yml``

Reviewer 2: Can we call out the Windows path too?

Configurations made to this ``cumulusci.yml`` file apply to only the project with the given <project_name>, and take precedence over **all other** configuration scopes.
If you want to make customizations to a project, but don't need them to be available to other team members, you would make those customizations here.

Project Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**File Path:** ``/path/to/project/cumulusci.yml``

This ``cumulusci.yml`` file lives in the root directory of your project, and apply to only this project.
Changes here can be commited back to a remote repository so other team members can benefit from the customizations.
Configurations in this file apply to this project, and take precedence over any configurations specified in the `global configurations`_ file, but are overwritten by configurations in the `local project`_ file.

Global Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**File Path:** ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``

Configuration of this file will override behavior across **all** CumulusCI projects on your machine.

> Configurations in this file have the lowest precedence, and are overwritten by **all other** configuration scopes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configurations in this file have the lowest precedence, and are overridden by **all other** configuration scopes.
```

The Internal ``cumulusci.yml``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> There is one more configuration file that exists; the `internal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file that ships with CumulusCI itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is one more configuration file that exists: the `internal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file that ships with CumulusCI itself.
```

This file actually holds the lowest precedence of all, as all other scopes override what is contained in this file.

> This file contains all of the definitions for the standard tasks, flows, as well as, the default configurations that come out of the box with CumulusCI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This file contains all of the definitions for the standard tasks, flows, and org configurations that come out of the box with CumulusCI.
```

> As a CumulusCI user you aren't able to modify it, but knowing about it serves two purposes:

Reviewer 2: This feels a little superfluous. Could we tie back to using `cci flow info` and `cci task info` to get data about the standard library plus customizations?

* It is a fun bit of trivia to know that this file exists!
* It is useful to reference when working on configuring custom tasks or flows of your own.

Advanced Configurations
-----------------------

Using Variables for Task Options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sometimes you may want to reference a specific value within the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
To do this we can utilize the ``$project_config`` variable.
You can use a double underscore ( ``__`` ) to access the different levels of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

For example, NPSP utilizes a variable to the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``.
Here is an example task that does just this to provide a value for the ``namespace_inject`` option in a custom deploy task:

.. code-block:: yaml

    deploy_qa_config:
            description: Deploys additional fields used for QA purposes only
            class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
            group: Salesforce Metadata
            options:
                path: unpackaged/config/qa

>                 namespace_inject: $project_config.project__package__namespace

Reviewer 2: This is going to go away with @davisagli's namespace-injection inference.

CumulusCI will replace the variable with the value currently located under project -> package -> namespace in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
Here is the ``project`` section of NPSP's ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

    project:
        name: Cumulus
        package:
            name: Cumulus
            name_managed: Nonprofit Success Pack
            namespace: npsp
            api_version: 48.0
            install_class: STG_InstallScript
            uninstall_class: STG_UninstallScript

Currently under ``$project_config.project__package__namespace`` is the value: ``npsp``.

Referencing Task Return Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tasks can set an internal `return_value` on themselves while executing.
This allows one task in a flow to reference the `return_value` set on another task that executed prior to it.

To reference a return value on a previous task use the following::

    ^^prior_task.return_value

In order to know what is available for ``<return_value>`` we need to find the source code for an individual task.

> Let's examing the definition for the ``upload_beta`` task. The internal ``cumulusci.yml`` file defines it as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's examine the definition for the ``upload_beta`` task. The internal ``cumulusci.yml`` file defines it as follows:
```

Let's now look at the the ``release_beta`` flow as its defined in the internal cumulusci.yml file:

.. code-block:: yaml

   release_beta:
        description: Upload and release a beta version of the metadata currently in packaging
        steps:
            1:
                task: upload_beta
                options:
                    name: Automated beta release
            2:
                task: github_release
                options:
                    version: ^^upload_beta.version_number
            3:
                task: github_release_notes
                ignore_failure: True  # Attempt to generate release notes but don't fail build
                options:
                    link_pr: True
                    publish: True
                    tag: ^^github_release.tag_name
                    include_empty: True
                    version_id: ^^upload_beta.version_id
            4:
                task: github_master_to_feature

This flow references both ``version_id`` and ``version_number`` return values set on the ``upload_beta`` task.

Using Tasks and Flows From a Different Project
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The dependency handling discussed above is used in a very specific context, to install dependency packages or metadata bundles in the ``dependencies`` flow which is a component of some other flows.

Reviewer 2: Where is "above"?

.. code-block:: yaml

    sources:
      npsp:
        github: https://github.com/SalesforceFoundation/NPSP

This says that when tasks or flows are referenced using the `npsp` namespace, CumulusCI should fetch the source from this GitHub repository.
By default, it will fetch the most recent release, or the default branch if there are no releases.
It's also possible to fetch a specific ``tag``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    sources:
      npsp:
        github: https://github.com/SalesforceFoundation/NPSP
        tag: rel/3.163

or a specific ``commit`` or ``branch``.

Now it's possible to run a flow from NPSP:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci flow run npsp:install_prod

Or a task:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run npsp:robot

Or even to create a new flow which uses a flow from NPSP:

.. code-block:: yaml

    flows:
      install_npsp:
        steps:
          1:
            flow: npsp:install_prod
          2:
            flow: dev_org

This flow will use NPSP's ``install_prod`` flow to install NPSP as a managed package, and then run this project's own ``dev_org`` flow.

Plan Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> TODO: Content for configuring plans here

Reviewer 2: Should we break that out into a separate doc section, since there's a lot that goes into MetaDeploy plans?

Author: That sounds good to me. I'll create a TODO link where this section is referenced at the top.

Example values would include: 0, 0.3, and 0.89334.
All of these would cause the step to execute before step 1 in the ``dev_org`` flow.

If you wanted to add a step between steps 2 and 3, then a step number of 2.5 could be utilized.

If you wanted to add a step number that runs after all steps in the flow, then any step number greater than 4 could be utilized.

Skip a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To skip a flow step, set the desired step number to a task with the value of ``None``.
The following would skip the 4th step from the ``dev_org`` flow.

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            4:
                task: None

When CumulusCI detects a task with this value, it is skipped:

.. image:: images/skipping_task.png

Replace a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To replace a flow step, simply name the task or flow you wish to run in place of the current step.
The following would replace the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow with a custom task that loads data into a dev environment.

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            4:
                task: load_data_dev

> You can swap two steps in a flow by replacing one with the other. 

Reviewer: If the existing step is a task and you're switching to a flow, you also have to set `task: None` so that the merged step config doesn't reference both a task and a flow. And vice versa if you're replacing a flow with a task.

Configuring Options on Tasks When Running a Subflow
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
TODO

Using ``when`` Clauses
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
TODO

> Org Configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scratch Org Configurations
```

-------------------

> This section shows you the values that are overridable in an org configuration via the `cumulusci.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section defines the scratch org configurations that are available without explicitly running `cci org scratch` to create a new configuration.
```

> If you're looking for more information using scratch orgs with CumulusCI, see `Scratch Org Environments`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for more information on using scratch orgs with CumulusCI, see `Scratch Org Environments`_. 
```

Override a Default Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
These overrides pertain only to scratch orgs.
You can override the following values for org:

* ``days`` - integer - Number of days for the scratch org to persist.
* ``namespaced`` - boolean - Whether or not the scratch org is a `namespaced org <TODO sf link?>`_.
* ``config_file`` - string - Path to the org definition file to use when building the scratch org.

To override a value you can use the following syntax

.. code-block:: yaml
    
    orgs:
        org_name:

>             key: value 

Reviewer: If I'm not mistaken, there's another key `scratch:` which needs to be included here at a new level of indentation in between `orgs:` and the config name.

All of these files are have the same name- ``cumulusci.yml`` -but live in different locations on the file system.

You can configure files at three scope levels: Project, Local Project, Global.
Configurations have the following order of override precedence (from highest to lowest):

* Local Project
* Project
* Global

One override will only cascade over another when two configurations are setting a value for the same element on a task or flow.
For example, say there exists a task T that takes two options o1 and o2.
You can specify a default value for o1 in your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file and a default for o2 in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file and everything will work as exepected.
If you then change your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file to also specify a default value for o2, this will take precedence over the default value specified in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

The following diagram illustrates these three files along with their corresponding scopes in green.
Changes made to configuration files on top will override any changes in files below them (if they are present).

> .. image:: images/cci-yml-chart.png

Reviewer: The diagram is nice, but needs to be updated to use the preferred terms.

What tool was used to create the diagram? Is there a source file that we can include in the doc repository to help the next person who needs to update it?

Also consider that images which include text are less accessible. We should either avoid the image or include the same content as alt text for the image, if possible.

* Project
* Local Project
* Global

One override will only cascade over another when two configurations are setting a value for the same element on a task or flow.
For example, say there exists a task T that takes two options o1 and o2.
You can specify a default value for o1 in your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file and a default for o2 in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file and you'll see the expected result - both values are available in the project, but the default of o1 is not exposed to other projects.
If you then change your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file to also specify a default value for o2, this will take precedence over the default value specified in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

The following diagram illustrates these three files along with their corresponding scopes in green.
Changes made to configuration files on top will override any changes in files below them (if they are present).

.. image:: images/cci-yml-chart.png

Project Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**macOS/Linux:** ``.../path/to/project/cumulusci.yml``
**Windows:** ``...\path\to\project\cumulusci.yml``

> This ``cumulusci.yml`` file lives in the root directory of your project, and apply to only this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ``cumulusci.yml`` file lives in the root directory of your project, and applies to only this project.
```

Changes here can be commited back to a remote repository so other team members can benefit from the customizations.
Configurations in this file apply to this project, and take precedence over any configurations specified in the `global configurations`_ file, but are overridden by configurations in the `local project`_ file.

Local Project Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**macOS/Linux:** ``~/.cumulusci/project_name/cumulusci.yml``
**Windows:** ``%homepath%\.cumulusci\project_name\cumulusci.yml``

Configurations made to this ``cumulusci.yml`` file apply to only the project with the given <project_name>, and take precedence over **all other** configuration scopes.
If you want to make customizations to a project, but don't need them to be available to other team members, you would make those customizations here.

Global Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
**macOS/Linux:** ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``
**Windows:** ``%homepath%\.cumulusci\cumulusci.yml``

Configuration of this file will override behavior across **all** CumulusCI projects on your machine.

> Configurations in this file have the lowest precedence, and are overridden by **all other** configuration scopes.

Reviewer: not the universal config

The Internal ``cumulusci.yml``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
There is one more configuration file that exists: the `internal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file that ships with CumulusCI itself.
This file actually holds the lowest precedence of all, as all other scopes override what is contained in this file.
This file contains all of the definitions for the standard tasks, flows, and org configurations that come out of the box with CumulusCI.
As a CumulusCI user you aren't able to modify it, but knowing about it serves two purposes:

* It is a fun bit of trivia to know that this file exists!
* It is useful to reference when working on configuring custom tasks or flows of your own.

Advanced Configurations
-----------------------

> Using Variables for Task Options

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to put this and the section about referencing task return values underneath the "Task Configurations" section, rather than under Advanced Configurations.

            class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
            group: Salesforce Metadata
            options:
                path: unpackaged/config/qa
                namespace_inject: $project_config.project__package__namespace

CumulusCI will replace the variable with the value currently located under project -> package -> namespace in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
Here is the ``project`` section of NPSP's ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

    project:
        name: Cumulus
        package:
            name: Cumulus
            name_managed: Nonprofit Success Pack
            namespace: npsp
            api_version: 48.0
            install_class: STG_InstallScript
            uninstall_class: STG_UninstallScript

Currently under ``$project_config.project__package__namespace`` is the value: ``npsp``.

Referencing Task Return Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Tasks can set an internal `return_value` on themselves while executing.
This allows one task in a flow to reference the `return_value` set on another task that executed prior to it.

To reference a return value on a previous task use the following::

    ^^prior_task.return_value

> In order to know what is available for ``<return_value>`` we need to find the source code for an individual task.

Reviewer: We should add a way to document task return values so that this isn't necessary.

                options:
                    name: Automated beta release
            2:
                task: github_release
                options:
                    version: ^^upload_beta.version_number
            3:
                task: github_release_notes
                ignore_failure: True  # Attempt to generate release notes but don't fail build
                options:
                    link_pr: True
                    publish: True
                    tag: ^^github_release.tag_name
                    include_empty: True
                    version_id: ^^upload_beta.version_id
            4:
                task: github_master_to_feature

This flow references both ``version_id`` and ``version_number`` return values set on the ``upload_beta`` task.

Using Tasks and Flows From a Different Project
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
With CumulusCI, it's also possible to use arbitrary tasks and flows from another project.
To do this, the other project must be named in the ``sources`` section of the ``cumulusci.yml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    sources:
      npsp:
        github: https://github.com/SalesforceFoundation/NPSP

> This says that when tasks or flows are referenced using the `npsp` namespace, CumulusCI should fetch the source from this GitHub repository.

Reviewer: We should probably include a note that in order for this to work, the referenced repository needs to be readable. i.e. either it's public, or CumulusCI's github service is configured with the token of a user who has read access to it

For example, the ``util_sleep`` task has a ``seconds`` option that defaults to 5 out-of-the-box:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info util_sleep
    util_sleep

    Description: Sleeps for N seconds

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.util.Sleep

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run util_sleep

    Options

        -o seconds SECONDS
        Required
        The number of seconds to sleep
        Default: 5

If you instead want the default value to be 30 seconds for all projects you could add the following in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file locaated at ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
        util_sleep:
            options:
                seconds: 30

And now ``cci task info util_sleep`` shows a default of 30 seconds:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info util_sleep
    util_sleep

    Description: Sleeps for N seconds

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.util.Sleep

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run util_sleep

    Options

        -o seconds SECONDS
        Required
        The number of seconds to sleep
        Default: 30

> Being able to display the active configuration for a given task or flow can help with cross-correlating which configuration scope is affecting a specific scenario.

Reviewer: I could imagine creating a command for debugging configuration that actually prints out where each line in the merged config came from.

Author: `cci task info <task_name> --debug-config`

Reviewer: Except I was thinking for all of cumulusci.yml, not just tasks

Configuring CumulusCI
=====================

``cumulusci.yml`` Structure
---------------------------
There are six top level sections of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file: Project, Tasks, Flows, Sources, Orgs, and Plans.

> * **Project** - This section is largely generated by running ``cci project init`` and has two major sub-categories: ``package``, and ``git``. The ``package`` sub-section contains information about the project's package, while the ``git`` sub-section contains a link to the project's GitHub repository and the branch prefixes being utilized.

Reviewer: Also has `name` and `dependencies`

Author: I'm going to remove the specifics from this section and keep it more general. Am going to link to a cumulusci.yml reference section.

* **Tasks** - This section lists any tasks that are currently being configured by your project. See `task configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

* **Flows** - This section lists any flows that are currently being configured by your project. See `flow configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

> * **Sources** - This section lists any GitHub repositories whose custom tasks and flows you would like to make available to CumulusCI. See the `using tasks and flows from a different project`_ section for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Sources** - This section makes it possible to reference tasks and flows from another CumulusCI project on GitHub. See the `using tasks and flows from a different project`_ section for more info.
```

> * **Orgs** - This section lists any customizations you've made to orgs that are available to CumulusCI. See `org configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Orgs** - This section defines the scratch org configurations that are available for your project. See `org configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    deploy_reports:
        description: Deploy Reports 
        class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
        group: projectName
        options:
            path: unpackaged/config/reports

Congratulations! You have created a new custom task in CumulusCI!
Adding a common ``group`` attribute to your custom tasks makes it easy to see the tasks that are specific to your project with ``cci task list``.

For additional examples of custom tasks see our `task recipes`_ section in the cookbook.

If you want to `write a custom task in python <TODO>`_ and make it available to other users in the project you would need to update your ``cumulusci.yml`` file's ``task`` section with the following:

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
        my_new_task:
            description: Description of the task
            class_path: tasks.task_file.MyTaskClass
            group: projectName

The above assumes that your task's class is name ``MyTaskClass`` and exists in the file ``tasks/task_file.py``.

Flow Configurations
-------------------

Add a Custom Flow
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To define a new flow for your porject, simply add the name of the new flow under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To define a new flow for your project, simply add the name of the new flow under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

> Configuring CumulusCI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configure CumulusCI
```

=====================

> CumulusCI merges multiple `YAML <https://yaml.org/>`_ files that allow for configuration to occur at several distinct scopes. All of these files have the same name, ``cumulusci.yml``, but live in different locations on the file system. (See `configuration scopes`_ for further detail.)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CumulusCI merges multiple `YAML <https://yaml.org/>`_ files that allow for configuration to occur at several distinct scopes. All of these files have the same name, ``cumulusci.yml``, but live in different locations in the file system. (See `configuration scopes`_ for details.)
```

Reviewer 4: Moving this back down to ``Configuration Scopes`` section.

> The `universal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file contains the default configuration stored within CumulusCI itself. This is the location of the standard library of tasks and flows that come with CumulusCI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `universal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file contains the default configuration stored within CumulusCI itself, which includes the standard library of CumulusCI tasks and flows.
```
Rewording to trim words and fix the subject-verb agreement (singular "library" . . . "that comes with" not plural "tasks and flows" "that come with") Also to avoid saying "this" without a subject (something I keep seeing and flagging).

> The project ``cumulusci.yml`` file is located in the ``project`` diretory. You can override aspects of the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file here by defining project dependencies, configuring new tasks and flows, customizing standard tasks and flows to meet your project's needs, and so much more! 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The project ``cumulusci.yml`` file is located in the ``project`` diretory. You can override aspects of the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file here by defining project dependencies, configuring new tasks and flows, customizing standard tasks and flows for your project, and so much more! 
```

Reviewer 4: Yes, but we both missed "diretory"! 😀

>     .. Important:: When ``cumulusci.yml`` is referenced in this documentation, it refers to the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file unless otherwise specified.

Author: ```suggestion
.. Important:: When ``cumulusci.yml`` is referenced in this documentation, it refers to the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file unless otherwise specified.
```

>     .. Important:: When ``cumulusci.yml`` is referenced in this documentation, it refers to the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    .. Important:: When this documentation refers to ``cumulusci.yml``, it refers to the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file unless otherwise specified.
```
Rewording to avoid passive voice.

``cumulusci.yml`` Structure
---------------------------

> There are six top-level sections of a ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These top-level sections make up a ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```
When introducing a list, avoid stating the number of items in the list because it might change. I've called out this style issue in another PR. Please be on the lookout for it. https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/lists

Incidentally, also be on the lookout for "There are." It's a weak way to start off a sentence and usually a tip-off that stronger, less wordy writing is possible.

> 

Reviewer 3: In this list, notice that "This section" repeats in every bullet. That's a tip-off that you can reword to omit all of them, so that the list is less wordy and more skimmable.

> * ``project``: This section is largely generated by running ``cci project init``. It contains information pertaining to the project's package information (if any) and GitHub information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``project``: Contains the project's package information (if any) and GitHub information. Largely generated by running ``cci project init``.
```

> * ``tasks``: This section defines the tasks that are available to run in your project. See `task configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``tasks``: Defines the tasks that are available to run in your project. For configuration options in this section, see `task configurations`_.
```
I suggest 1) simpler wording, and 2) swapping the order of the cross-reference to another part of the doc and the reason the reader would click through to that other part. If you frontload the reason, the reader can immediately assess whether the cross-reference is relevant to them. If it isn't relevant, they can skip over reading those words.

* ``flows``: This section defines the flows that are available to run in your project. See `flow configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

* ``sources``: This section references tasks and flows from another CumulusCI project on GitHub. See the `use tasks and flows from a different project`_ section for more information.

* ``orgs``: This section defines the scratch org configurations that are available for your project. See `scratch org configurations`_ for more information on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

> * ``plans``: This section contains any custom plans purposely defined to install your project into a customer org. For more information, see `configuring plans in MetaDeploy<TODO>`_.

Reviewer 3: My suggestions for the first two list items apply to these others. I'll leave it to you to make the relevant edits.

> A complete list of values that can be used in each section can be found in `cumulusci.yml reference<TODO>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For a complete list of values that can be used in each section, see `cumulusci.yml reference<TODO>`_.
```
Passive voice.

Task Configurations
-------------------

> Task configurations are defined under the ``tasks`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file. Each task configuration defines a task which can be run using the ``cci task run`` command, or included in a flow step. With a few simple changes to this section, you can configure build automation functionality without ever touching Python code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each task configurations in the ``tasks`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file defines a task that can be run using the ``cci task run`` command, or included in a flow step. With a few simple changes to this section, you can configure build automation functionality without ever touching Python code.
```
The classic "that versus which" usage situation. :) I think we mean "that" here but check https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/that%2C+which and https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/which-versus-that-0 to be sure.

Override a Task Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you repeatedly  specify the same value for an option while running a task, you can configure CumulusCI to use that particular value as a default value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you repeatedly specify the same value for an option while running a task, you can configure CumulusCI to use that value as a default value.
```

>      Example: Let's enforce a 90% code coverage requirement for Apex code in your project. The `run_tests<TODO>`_ task, which executes all Apex Tests in a target org, can enforce code coverage at a given percentage by passing the ``--required_org_code_coverage_percent`` option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     Example: Let's enforce a 90% code coverage requirement for Apex code in your project. The `run_tests<TODO>`_ task, which executes all Apex tests in a target org, can enforce code coverage at a given percentage by passing the ``--required_org_code_coverage_percent`` option.
```
Be on the lookout for non-standard capitalization with standard Salesforce terminology. For something like "Apex tests," I'd do a quick Google search for mentions in definitive sources like Salesforce developer guides to suss out what our standard is (this kind of thing isn't explicitly listed in the style guide). If in doubt, just ask.

.. code-block:: yaml

    run_tests:
        options:
            required_org_code_coverage_percent: 90

> When the code is placed under the ``tasks`` section of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file, CumulusCI overrides the default option with a value of ``90``. The overridden option is used whenever this automated task is called, unless it is further overridden for a particular flow step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the ``tasks`` section of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file specifies this option, CumulusCI overrides the default option with a value of ``90``. Whenever this automated task is called, its override value applies unless it's further overridden for a particular flow step.
```

Verify the change by looking for a default option value when running ``cci task info <name>``.

.. code-block:: yaml

    $ cci task info run_tests
    run_tests

    Description: Runs all apex tests

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.apex.testrunner.RunApexTests

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run run_tests

    Options
        .
        .
        .
      -o required_org_code_coverage_percent PERCENTAGE
        Optional
        Require at least X percent code coverage across the org following the test run.
        Default: 90

Add a Custom Task
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To define a new task for your project, simply add the name of the new task under the ``tasks`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To define a new task for your project, add the task name to the ``tasks`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```
"simply" entry at https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/wordiness

    Example: Let's create a custom task named ``deploy_reports`` that deploys a set of reports stored in your project's unpackaged metadata located in ``unpackaged/config/reports``.

>     First, look up the Python class associated with the standard task ``deploy``. From there we can see that the ``deploy`` task has a ``class_path`` value of ``cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    First, look up the Python class associated with the standard task ``deploy``. From there we see that the ``deploy`` task has a ``class_path`` value of ``cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy``.
```

    Store the task under the ``tasks`` section of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

.. code-block:: yaml

    deploy_reports:
        description: Deploy Reports 
        class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
        group: projectName
        options:
            path: unpackaged/config/reports

> .. note:: Be sure to include the value we retrieved for ``class_path``. It's also best practice to add a common ``group`` attribute to your custom tasks in order to make it easier to see the tasks that are specific to your project when using ``cci task list``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note:: Be sure to include the value we retrieved for ``class_path``. It's also best practice to add a common ``group`` attribute to your custom tasks so that it's easier to see the tasks that are specific to your project when using ``cci task list``.
```
"in order to" entry at https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/wordiness

Congratulations! You created a new custom task in CumulusCI.

> For additional examples of custom tasks, visit the `task recipes<TODO>`_ section in the cookbook.

Reviewer 4: What is the current status for Cookbook?

Author: I think we should remove this for now. The cookbook sounded good when we originally began work on the docs; however, with the advent of some other items (most notably a couple of example github repositories that will show full-blown implementations for cumulusci) I'm not sure that we will need this for the beta release of the docs.

> For additional examples of custom tasks, visit the `task recipes<TODO>`_ section in the cookbook.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more examples of custom tasks, visit `task recipes<TODO>`_ in the cookbook.
```

> If you want to `write a custom task in Python<TODO>`_ and make it available to other users in the project, add the task under the ``tasks`` section of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to `write a custom task in Python<TODO>`_ and make it available to other users in the project, add the task under the ``tasks`` section of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
        my_new_task:
            description: Description of the task
            class_path: tasks.task_file.MyNewTaskClassName
            group: projectName

The above assumes that your task's class is named ``MyNewTaskClassName`` and exists in the file ``tasks/task_file.py``.

Use Variables for Task Options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When you want to reference a specific value within the ``cumulusci.yml`` file, use the ``$project_config`` variable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To reference a specific value within the ``cumulusci.yml`` file, use the ``$project_config`` variable.
```

>     Example: NPSP uses a variable for the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``. This variable is then referenced in the project's custom ``deploy_qa_config`` task where it passes as the value for the ``namespace_inject`` option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Example: NPSP uses a variable for the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``. This variable is then referenced in the project's custom ``deploy_qa_config`` task where it passes as the value for the ``namespace_inject`` option.
```
Would we more typically say "it's passed" than "it passes"?

Reviewer 4: I think @davisagli would know this.

Author: @justinvholt - Liane is correct. We would want to use "it's passed" here.

>     Example: NPSP uses a variable for the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``. This variable is then referenced in the project's custom ``deploy_qa_config`` task where it passes as the value for the ``namespace_inject`` option.
> 
>     .. note:: A double underscore ( ``__`` ) allows access to different levels of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: NPSP uses a variable for the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``. This variable is then referenced in the project's custom ``deploy_qa_config`` task where it passes as the value for the ``namespace_inject`` option.

.. note:: A double underscore ( ``__`` ) allows access to different levels of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    deploy_qa_config:
            description: Deploys additional fields used for QA purposes only
            class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
            group: Salesforce Metadata
            options:
                path: unpackaged/config/qa
                namespace_inject: $project_config.project__package__namespace

> In this instance CumulusCI replaces the variable with the value currently located under project -> package -> namespace in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file. Here is the ``project`` section of NPSP's ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this instance, CumulusCI replaces the variable with the value under project -> package -> namespace in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file. Here is the ``project`` section of NPSP's ``cumulusci.yml`` file:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    project:
        name: Cumulus
        package:
            name: Cumulus
            name_managed: Nonprofit Success Pack
            namespace: npsp
            api_version: 48.0
            install_class: STG_InstallScript
            uninstall_class: STG_UninstallScript

> Currently under ``$project_config.project__package__namespace`` is the value ``npsp``.

Reviewer 3: Delete if you're on board with moving this up above the code sample.

Reviewer 4: Deleted.

Reference Task Return Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Tasks can set an internal ``return_value`` on themselves while executing. This attribute allows one task in a flow to reference the ``return_value`` set on another task that executed prior to it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Tasks can set an internal ``return_value`` on themselves while executing. This attribute lets one task in a flow reference the ``return_value`` set on another task that executed prior to it.
```

> To reference a return value on a previous task use the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To reference a return value on a previous task:
```
Simpler wording and we usually don't need "following." https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/following

.. code-block:: yaml

    ^^prior_task.return_value

To discover what's available for ``<return_value>``, find the source code for an individual task.

>     Example: Let's examine how CumulusCI defines the standard ``upload_beta`` task in the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: Let's examine how CumulusCI defines the standard ``upload_beta`` task in the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    upload_beta:
            description: Uploads a beta release of the metadata currently in the packaging org
            class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.PackageUpload
            group: Release Operations

> In order to see if anything is being set on ``self.return_values``, find the file where the class ``cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.PackageUpload`` is defined. A little digging yields that this class is defined in the file `package_upload.py<TODO>`_ and has a method called ``_set_return_values()``. `This method <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/3cad07ac1cecf438aaf087cdeff7b781a1fc74a1/cumulusci/tasks/salesforce/package_upload.py#L165>`_ sets ``self.return_values`` to a dictionary with the keys: ``version_number``, ``version_id``, and ``package_id``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see if anything is being set on ``self.return_values``, find the file that defines the class ``cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.PackageUpload``. A little digging yields that this class is defined in the file `package_upload.py<TODO>`_ and has a method called ``_set_return_values()``. `This method <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/3cad07ac1cecf438aaf087cdeff7b781a1fc74a1/cumulusci/tasks/salesforce/package_upload.py#L165>`_ sets ``self.return_values`` to a dictionary with these keys: ``version_number``, ``version_id``, and ``package_id``.
```
Nice tone here!

        steps:
            1:
                task: upload_beta
                options:
                    name: Automated beta release
            2:
                task: github_release
                options:
                    version: ^^upload_beta.version_number
            3:
                task: github_release_notes
                ignore_failure: True  # Attempt to generate release notes but don't fail build
                options:
                    link_pr: True
                    publish: True
                    tag: ^^github_release.tag_name
                    include_empty: True
                    version_id: ^^upload_beta.version_id
            4:
                task: github_master_to_feature

This flow shows how subsequent tasks can reference the return values of a prior task. In this case, the ``github_release`` task uses the ``version_numer`` set by the ``upload_beta`` task as an option value with the ``^^upload_beta.version_number`` syntax. Similarly, the ``github_release_notes`` task uses the ``version_id`` set by the ``upload_beta`` task as an option value with the ``^^upload_beta.version_id`` syntax.

Flow Configurations
-------------------

> Flow configurations are defined under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file. Each flow configuration defines a flow which can be run using the ``cci flow run`` command, or included in a flow step. With a few simple changes to this section, you can configure build automation functionality without ever touching Python code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each flow configuration defined in the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file defines a flow that can be run using the ``cci flow run`` command, or included in a flow step. With a few simple changes to this section, you can configure build automation functionality without ever touching Python code.
```

Reviewer 4: @Br4nd0R Is there another word for "defined" in this instance? I don't like using defined followed by defines.

Author: Agreed. Maybe: "Each flow configuration specified in the ``flows`` section of your..."?

Add a Custom Flow
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To define a new flow for your project, simply add the name of the new flow under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To define a new flow for your project, add the flow name under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

Reviewer 4: @Br4nd0R Getting back to the "to/in/under" debate. Thoughts?

Author: I think we should go with "under".

.. code-block:: yaml

    greet_and_sleep:
        group: projectName
        description: Greets the user and then sleeps for 5 seconds.
        steps:
            1:
                task: command
                options:
                    command: echo 'Hello there!' 
            2:
                task: util_sleep

> This is a flow comprised of two tasks: ``command`` greets the user by echoing a string, and ``util_sleep`` then tells CumulusCI to sleep for five seconds. You can reference how the flows are defined in the `universal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This flow is comprised of two tasks: ``command`` greets the user by echoing a string, and ``util_sleep`` then tells CumulusCI to sleep for five seconds. You can reference how the flows are defined in the `universal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file.
```

Add a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you want to add a step to a flow, use ``cci flow info <name>`` first to see the existing steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add a step to a flow, use ``cci flow info <name>`` first to see the existing steps.
```

>     Example: ``dev_org``

Author: ```suggestion
Example: ``dev_org``
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci flow info dev_org

>     Description: Set up an org as a development environment for unmanaged metadata

Reviewer 3: Is "unmanaged" or "unpackaged" preferred here?

Reviewer 4: @Br4nd0R Please confirm.

Author: Unmanaged is what we want.

    1) flow: dependencies [from current folder]
        1) task: update_dependencies
        2) task: deploy_pre
    2) flow: deploy_unmanaged
        0) task: dx_convert_from
        when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and not org_config.scratch
        1) task: unschedule_apex
        2) task: update_package_xml
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3) task: deploy
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
        3.1) task: dx_push
            when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

> There are four steps to this flow. The first three steps are themselves flows, and the last step is a task.

Reviewer 3: Please reword to avoid "there are" and the reference to "four" steps.

All *non-negative numbers and decimals* are valid as step numbers in a flow.

> You can add steps before, in-between, or after existing flow steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can add steps before, between, or after existing flow steps.
```
Used as a preposition here (rather than as a noun or adjective), so the prefix isn't needed.

> If you want to add a step at the beginning of the dev org flow, valid step numbers would include any number greater than or equal to zero and less than 1. Example values would include 0, 0.3, and 0.89334. All of these would cause the step to execute before step 1 in the ``dev_org`` flow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add a step at the beginning of the dev org flow, any step number greater than or equal to zero and less than 1 is valid. For example, 0, 0.3, and 0.89334 all specify that the step execute before step 1 in the ``dev_org`` flow.
```
Heavens, three modal verbs in one paragraph is surely a record. Gotta watch out for these. https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/modal+verbs

Reviewer 4: Sorry, didn't realize "would" was on the list. Noted.

If you want to add a step *between* steps 2 and 3, then a step number greater than 2 or less than 3 can be used.

> If you want to add a step *after* all steps in the flow, then any step number greater than 4 can be used.

Reviewer 3: These sentences are all related to the idea of inserting steps. Consider making them unordered list items under "You can add steps before..." instead of discrete paragraphs. The relationships would be clearer, and more readable as a result.

You can also add an additional log line output during the execution of a flow.

>     Example: ``dev_org``

Author: ```suggestion
Example: ``dev_org``
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            5:
                task: log
                    options:
                        line: dev_org flow has completed

Skip a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To skip a flow step, set the desired step number to a task or flow with the value of ``None``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To skip a flow step, set the task or flow for that step number to the value of ``None``.
```

>     Example: To skip the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow, insert the following under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: To skip the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow, insert the following under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

>     Example: To skip the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow, insert the following under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Example: To skip the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow, insert this code under the ``flows`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            4:
                task: None

.. note::

>     The key of ``task`` must be used when skipping a flow step that is a task. The key of ``flow`` must be used when skipping a flow step that corresponds to a flow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If skipping a flow step that is a task, always use the ``task`` key. If skipping a flow step that is a flow, always use the `flow`` key.
```
Rewording to avoid passive and wordiness. Here's a new style entry for you: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/need+to%2C+have+to%2C+must

> When CumulusCI detects a task with a value of ``None``, the task is skipped.

Reviewer 3: Should this include "flow", i.e., "When CumulusCI detects a task or flow with a value of ``None``, it's skipped."?

.. image:: images/skipping_task.png

Replace a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To replace a flow step, simply name the task or flow you wish to run in place of the current step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To replace a flow step, name the task or flow to run instead of the current step.
```

>     Example: To replace the default fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow with a custom task that loads data into a dev environment, specify the custom task you want to use in that step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Example: To replace the default fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow with a custom task that loads data into a dev environment, specify the custom task to run instead.
```

>     Example: To replace the default fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow with a custom task that loads data into a dev environment, specify the custom task you want to use in that step.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: To replace the default fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow with a custom task that loads data into a dev environment, specify the custom task you want to use in that step.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            4:
                task: load_data_dev

> ___

Reviewer 4: Does anyone know how to insert a blank character so RST knows when to break away from the code block? I can't indent the next example like I normally would because the code-block right before it will recognize the indented text as part of the code-block.

Author: I think that because you're indenting line 331 (the line that follows this) it thinks it is still part of this code block.

Reviewer 4: RST allows the indent to act as a nested paragraph, so I've been using that whenever there's an Example. Do we not depend on RST in the final version of the doc?

And I put that "____" as a placeholder (in lieu of possibly a blank character that still occupies space?) because otherwise code-block keeps trying to include the indented formatting.

Reviewer: @justinvholt I think you can end the code-block directive before starting a block quote by putting `..` unindented on its own line. This is the rST syntax for an empty comment.

Reviewer 4: @davisagli You are THE MAN. Bet your bottom dollar I'll be using this handy feature every chance I get.

> ___

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 4: Fixed.

>     Or to replace the existing task with a flow as the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow, first set the task to ``None`` and then insert the new flow.

Author: ```suggestion
Or to replace the existing task with a flow as the fourth step of the ``dev_org`` flow, first set the task to ``None`` and then insert the new flow.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            4:
                task: None
                flow: my_flow

You can swap two steps in a flow by replacing one with the other. If the steps are of different types (task/flow), the types being replaced first need to be set to ``None``.

Configure Options on Tasks When Running a Subflow
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Specify options on tasks in subflows with the following syntax:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Specify options on tasks in subflows with this syntax:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    <flow_to_modify>:
        steps:
            <step_number>:
                ``flow``: ``<sub_flow_name>``
                options:
                    ``<task>``:
                        ``<option_name>``: ``<value>``

Replace all values with ``<>`` with the desired values.

>     Example: Let's examine the definition of the ``ci_master`` flow from the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

Author: ```suggestion
Example: Let's examine the definition of the ``ci_master`` flow from the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file:
```

.. code-block::

    ci_master:
        group: Continuous Integration
        description: Deploy the package metadata to the packaging org and prepare for managed package version upload.  Intended for use against main branch commits.
        steps:
            1:
                flow: dependencies
                options:
                    update_dependencies:
                        include_beta: False
            2:
                flow: deploy_packaging
            3:
                flow: config_packaging

> This flow specifies that when the subflow ``dependencies`` runs, the ``include_beta`` option is passed a value of ``False`` to the ``update_dependencies`` task (which itself executes in the ``dependencies`` subflow). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This flow specifies that when the subflow ``dependencies`` runs, the ``include_beta`` option passes a value of ``False`` to the ``update_dependencies`` task (which itself executes in the ``dependencies`` subflow). 
```
I think we mean "passes"?

``when`` Clauses
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Specify a ``when`` clause in a flow step to conditionally run that step. A ``when`` clause is written in a Pythonic syntax that can evaluate to a boolean (``True`` or ``False``) result. 

Reviewer 3: My new favourite word: Pythonic!

The variables that are available for reference in ``when`` clauses [TO BE ADDED]

> A common use case is to be able to check [TO BE ADDED]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A common use case is checking [TO BE ADDED]
```

See `use variables for task options`_ for more information.

Scratch Org Configurations
--------------------------

> This section defines the scratch org configurations that are available without explicitly running ``cci org scratch`` to create a new configuration. If you're looking for more information on the use of scratch orgs with CumulusCI, see `Scratch Org Environments<TODO>`_. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This section defines the scratch org configurations that are available without explicitly running ``cci org scratch`` to create a new configuration. For more information on using scratch orgs with CumulusCI, see `Scratch Org Environments<TODO>`_. 
```

Override Default Values
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note:: These overrides pertain only to scratch orgs.

> You can override these values for your org:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can override these values for your org.
```
Repeat style offender. "Introduce a vertical list with the beginning of a sentence followed by a colon. If the introduction is a complete sentence, end it with a period." https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/lists

Reviewer 4: I realllllly dislike this rule. Made the change.

* ``days`` (integer): Number of days for the scratch org to persist.

> * ``namespaced`` (boolean): Whether or not the scratch org is a `namespaced org<TODO sf link?>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``namespaced`` (boolean): Is the scratch org a `namespaced org<TODO sf link?>`_.
```

* ``config_file`` (string): Path to the org definition file to use when building the scratch org.

.. code-block:: yaml
    
    orgs:
        scratch:
            ``<org_name>``:
                ``<key>``: ``<value>``

> Replace all values with <> with the desired values.

Reviewer 3: In line 359, <> is formatted as code. Do the same here to be consistent?

Author: The `yaml` format is what we want here, but we don't need the double back-ticks for `<org_name>`, `<key>`, and `<value>`. Everything under the code block will be formatted as (yaml) code.

>     Example: Override the default number of days from 7 to 15 on the ``dev`` org.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Example: Override the default number of days from 7 to 15 in the ``dev`` org.
```

>     Example: Override the default number of days from 7 to 15 on the ``dev`` org.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: Override the default number of days from 7 to 15 on the ``dev`` org.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    orgs:
        dev:
            days: 15

> Configuration Scopes

Reviewer 4: @davisagli, @Br4nd0R, @davidmreed: There might need to be more discussion about how to fully convey configuration scopes. I think the thorniest issue is ``Local Project`` and how it differs from ``Project``.

Author: @justinvholt - I think we should note these "thorny" sections and potentially get a list going for candidates for an "Advanced" section. I think that this would be something we could address after the beta release of the docs. Our team hasn't received many questions on this topic, and this is probably something only 1% users are currently taking advantage of.

Reviewer 4: Noted in the CCI Docs "Items to Do" list.

--------------------

You can configure files at three scope levels: *Project*, *Local Project* and *Global*. Configurations have an order of override precedence (from highest to lowest):

#. Project
#. Local Project
#. Global

One override only cascades over another when two configurations set a value for the same element on a task or flow.

>     Example: Task ``T`` takes two options, ``o1`` and ``o2``.
> 
>     You can specify a default value for ``o1`` in your project ``cumulusci.yml`` file and a default value for ``o2`` in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file, and you'll see the expected result: both values are available in the project. (The default of ``o1`` is not exposed to other projects.)
> 
>     If you change your project ``cumulusci.yml`` file to also specify a default value for ``o2``, this new default ``o2`` value takes precedence over the default ``o2`` value specified in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: Task ``T`` takes two options, ``o1`` and ``o2``.

You can specify a default value for ``o1`` in your project ``cumulusci.yml`` file and a default value for ``o2`` in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file, and you'll see the expected result: both values are available in the project. (The default of ``o1`` is not exposed to other projects.)

If you change your project ``cumulusci.yml`` file to also specify a default value for ``o2``, this new default ``o2`` value takes precedence over the default ``o2`` value specified in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

Project Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**macOS/Linux:** ``.../path/to/project/cumulusci.yml``

**Windows:** ``...\path\to\project\cumulusci.yml``

This ``cumulusci.yml`` file lives in the ``project`` directory and applies solely to this project. Changes here are committed back to a remote repository so other team members can benefit from the customizations. Configurations in this file apply solely to this project, and take precedence over any configurations specified in the global ``cumulusci.yml`` file, but are overridden by configurations in the local project ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Local Project Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**macOS/Linux:** ``~/.cumulusci/project_name/cumulusci.yml``

**Windows:** ``%homepath%\.cumulusci\project_name\cumulusci.yml``

> Configurations made to this ``cumulusci.yml`` file apply solely to the project with the given <project_name>, and take precedence over **all other** configuration scopes except the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file. If you want to make customizations to a project, but don't need them to be available to other team members, make those customizations here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configurations in to this ``cumulusci.yml`` file apply solely to the project with the given <project_name>, and take precedence over **all other** configuration scopes except the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file. If you want to make customizations to a project, but don't need them to be available to other team members, make those customizations here.
```

Global Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**macOS/Linux:** ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``

**Windows:** ``%homepath%\.cumulusci\cumulusci.yml``

> Configuration of this file overrides behavior across **all** CumulusCI projects on your machine. Configurations in this file have a low precedence, and are overridden by **all other** configurations except for those that are in the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configuration of this file overrides behavior across _all_ CumulusCI projects on your machine. Configurations in this file have low precedence, and are overridden by _all other_ configurations except for those that are in the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file.
```

Universal Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> There is one more configuration file that exists: the `universal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file that ships with CumulusCI itself. This file actually holds the lowest precedence of all, as all other scopes override what is contained in this file. That said, it contains all of the definitions for the standard tasks, flows, and org configurations that come standard with CumulusCI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There is one more configuration file: the `universal cumulusci.yml <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/blob/master/cumulusci/cumulusci.yml>`_ file that ships with CumulusCI itself. This file actually holds the lowest precedence of all, as all other scopes override this file's contents. That said, it contains all of the definitions for the standard tasks, flows, and org configurations that come standard with CumulusCI.
```

> The commands ``cci task info`` and ``cci flow info`` display all of the infomation regarding how a particular task or flow is configured. They display both the information present in the standard library alongside any customizations that have been added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The commands ``cci task info`` and ``cci flow info`` display all of the information about a task's or flow's configuration. They display both the information in the standard library alongside any customizations.
```

Advanced Configurations
-----------------------

> Use Tasks and Flows From a Different Project

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use Tasks and Flows from a Different Project
```
"Prepositions that have fewer than five letters" at https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/DOCTEAM/title+capitalization

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> It's also possible to use tasks and flows from another project with CumulusCI. To do this, the other project must be named under the ``sources`` section of the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's also possible to use tasks and flows from another project with CumulusCI. The other project must be named under the ``sources`` section of the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file:
```

>     Example: When tasks or flows are referenced using the `npsp` namespace, CumulusCI fetches the source from the NPSP GitHub repository.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: When tasks or flows are referenced using the `npsp` namespace, CumulusCI fetches the source from the NPSP GitHub repository.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    sources:
      npsp:
        github: https://github.com/SalesforceFoundation/NPSP

By default, CumulusCI fetches the most recent release, or the default branch if there are no releases.

.. note::

>     In order for this feature to work, the referenced repository needs to be readable (for example, it's public, or CumulusCI's GitHub service is configured with the token of a user who has read access to it).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This feature requires that the referenced repository be readable (for example, it's public, or CumulusCI's GitHub service is configured with the token of a user who has read access to it).
```

> It's also possible to fetch a specific ``tag``:

Reviewer 3: Given how you've structured the "or" part of the sentence below (which I like), consider ending with an ellipsis here to prepare the reader for the excitement of more to come after the code snippet?

.. code-block:: yaml

    sources:
      npsp:
        github: https://github.com/SalesforceFoundation/NPSP
        tag: rel/3.163

or a specific ``commit`` or ``branch``.

When the repo is listed under ``sources``, it's possible to run a flow from NPSP:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci flow run npsp:install_prod

Or a task:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run npsp:robot

Or even create a new flow that uses a flow from NPSP:

.. code-block:: yaml

    flows:
      install_npsp:
        steps:
          1:
            flow: npsp:install_prod
          2:
            flow: dev_org

This flow uses NPSP's ``install_prod`` flow to install NPSP as a managed package, and then run this project's own ``dev_org`` flow.

> Troubleshooting Configurations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Troubleshoot Configurations
```

------------------------------

> Use ``cci task info <name>`` and ``cci flow info <name>`` to see how a given task or flow behaves with the current state of configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use ``cci task info <name>`` and ``cci flow info <name>`` to see how a given task or flow behaves with current configurations.
```

>     Example: The ``util_sleep`` task has a ``seconds`` option with a default value of 5 seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
Example: The ``util_sleep`` task has a ``seconds`` option with a default value of 5 seconds.
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info util_sleep
    util_sleep

    Description: Sleeps for N seconds

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.util.Sleep

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run util_sleep

    Options

        -o seconds SECONDS
        Required
        The number of seconds to sleep
        Default: 5

> If you want to change the default value to 30 seconds for all projects, add the desired value in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file located at ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To change the default value to 30 seconds for all projects, add this value in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file located at ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``:
```

> If you want to change the default value to 30 seconds for all projects, add the desired value in your global ``cumulusci.yml`` file located at ``~/.cumulusci/cumulusci.yml``:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to change the default value to 30 seconds for all projects on your machine, add the desired value in your global <TODO link to global config subsection> ``cumulusci.yml`` file:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
        util_sleep:
            options:
                seconds: 30

Now ``cci task info util_sleep`` shows a default of 30 seconds.

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task info util_sleep
    util_sleep

    Description: Sleeps for N seconds

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.util.Sleep

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run util_sleep

    Options

        -o seconds SECONDS
        Required
        The number of seconds to sleep
        Default: 30

> Being able to display the active configuration for a given task or flow can help with cross-correlating which configuration scope affects a specific scenario.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Displaying the active configuration for a given task or flow can help with cross-correlating which configuration scope affects a specific scenario.
```

Reviewer 3: "help with cross-correlating" seems jargony. Would something simpler like "help identify" or "help with identifying" work?

Reviewer 4: @Br4nd0R Thoughts?

Author: The point of the example is to show that `cci task info` and `cci flow info` display whatever is currently configured. This example demonstrates that point (showing that if we update a particular `cumulusci.yml` file that those changes are reflected in `cci task info <task_name>`. 

Maybe a tip admonition would be better: 
.. tip::
    The ``cci task info`` and ``cci flow info`` commands will always show information about how a task or flow is *currently* configured. The information output by these commands will change as you make further customizations to your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

Configure CumulusCI
=====================

> The ``cumulusci.yml`` file is located in the ``project`` root directory. This is where you define project dependencies, configure new tasks and flows, customize standard tasks and flows for your project, and so much more! 

Reviewer: ``project`` shouldn't be in backticks here; it's not the literal name of a directory.

Configuring CumulusCI
=====================

> CumulusCI is configured by two ``cumulusci.yml`` files. These files define the automation available for a project. 

Reviewer 4: We're fixing this right now. (I mentioned in the commit to not leave comments until second edit.)

> CumulusCI is configured by two ``cumulusci.yml`` files. These files define the automation available for a project. 

Reviewer 4: Sorry if my comment came across as catty. I'll integrate your current comments in the next edit coming up soon.

That said, I wish the commit commentary was a bit more prominent.

> CumulusCI is configured by two ``cumulusci.yml`` files. These files define the automation available for a project. 

Reviewer: @justinvholt oh sorry, yeah, I missed that request to wait for comments. :(

* ``orgs``: This section defines the scratch org configurations that are available for your project. See `scratch org configurations`_ for more info on the types of configurations that can be made in this section.

* ``plans``: This section contains any custom plans purposely defined to install your project into a customer org. For more information see `configuring plans in MetaDeploy<TODO>`_.

See `cumulusci.yml reference`_ for a complete list of values that can be used in each section.

Task Configurations
-------------------

Task configurations are defined under the ``tasks`` section of your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file. Each task configuration defines a task which can be run using the ``cci task run`` command, or included in a flow step. With a few simple changes to this section, you can configure build automation functionality without ever touching Python code.

Overriding a Task Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you continually specify the same value for an option while running a task, you can configure CumulusCI to use that particular value when running a task.

>     Example: You want to enforce a 90% code coverage requirement for Apex code in your project. The `run_tests <TODO>`_ task, which executes all Apex Tests in a target org, can enforce code coverage at a given percentage by passing the `required_org_code_coverage_percent` option.

Author: ```suggestion
    Example: You want to enforce a 90% code coverage requirement for Apex code in your project. The `run_tests <TODO>`_ task, which executes all Apex Tests in a target org, can enforce code coverage at a given percentage by passing the ``--required_org_code_coverage_percent`` option.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    run_tests:
        options:
            required_org_code_coverage_percent: 90

When the code is placed under the ``tasks`` section of the project config file, CumulusCI overrides the default option with a value of ``90``. The overridden option will be used whenever this automated task is called, unless it is further overridden for a particular flow step.

Verify the change by looking for a default option value when running ``cci task info <name>``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    $ cci task info run_tests
    run_tests

    Description: Runs all apex tests

    Class: cumulusci.tasks.apex.testrunner.RunApexTests

    Command Syntax

        $ cci task run run_tests

    Options
        .
        .
        .
      -o required_org_code_coverage_percent PERCENTAGE
        Optional
        Require at least X percent code coverage across the org following the test run.
        Default: 90

Add a Custom Task
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To define a new task for your project, simply add the name of the new task under the ``tasks`` section of your ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

>     Example: In reference to the ``run_tests`` task above, create a custom task named ``deploy_reports`` to create a detailed report about what happens when ``run_tests`` is deployed.

Author: ```suggestion
    Let's say that we want to create a custom task named ``deploy_reports`` that deploys a set of reports that live in your project's unpackaged metadate inside the ``unpackaged/config/reports`` folder.
```

First, look up the Python class associated with the standard task ``deploy``. 

> [SCREENSHOT? CODE BLOCK?]

Author: Let's not worry about a screenshot here. We have the output from `cci task info` above.

> We can see above that the ``deploy`` task has a ``class_path`` value of ``cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy``. Let's assume that reports are a part of your package's unpackaged metadata inside the ``unpackaged/config/reports`` folder.

Author: ```suggestion
We can see above that the ``deploy`` task has a ``class_path`` value of ``cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy``. 
```

Add the following under the ``tasks`` section of the project config.
    

>     .. note:: Be sure to include the value we retrieved for ``class_path``!

Reviewer 4: One issue here is that ``note`` puts the text in a box, ``attention`` does not.

>     .. note:: Be sure to include the value we retrieved for ``class_path``!

Author: @justinvholt - When previewing the doc in github you're correct: this admonition isn't recognized, so it doesn't render properly. But the actual end-user version of the documentation (which is rendered through Sphinx using a custom theme) does recognize. Here is a[ list ](https://pradyunsg.me/furo/reference/admonitions/#supported-types) of the supported admonitions that we can use with the theme.

Because of this extra "rendering" step, we typically include a link to the [rendered docs](Rendered Docs: https://cumulusci.readthedocs.io/en/feature-doc-reorg__config/config.html) at the top of each pull request so that we can view what the final version of the docs will look like.

.. code-block:: yaml

    deploy_reports:
        description: Deploy Reports 
        class_path: cumulusci.tasks.salesforce.Deploy
        group: projectName
        options:
            path: unpackaged/config/reports

Congratulations! You created a new custom task in CumulusCI!

For additional examples of custom tasks see our `task recipes<TODO>`_ section in the cookbook.

If you want to `write a custom task in Python <TODO>`_ and make it available to other users in the project, add the task under the ``cumulusci.yml`` file's ``tasks`` section:

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
        my_new_task:
            description: Description of the task
            class_path: tasks.task_file.MyNewTaskClassName
            group: projectName

The above assumes that your task's class is named ``MyNewTaskClassName`` and exists in the file ``tasks/task_file.py``.

Use Variables for Task Options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When you want to reference a specific value within the project ``cumulusci.yml`` file, use the ``$project_config`` variable.

A double underscore ( ``__`` ) allows access to different levels of the ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

> For example, NPSP uses a variable for the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, NPSP uses a variable for the project's namespace by setting a value of ``$project_config.project__package__namespace``. This variable is the referenced in the project's ``deploy_qa_config`` task where it is passed as the value for the ``namespace_inject`` option.
```

>     Example: Provide a value for the ``namespace_inject`` option in a custom deploy task.

Author: This line can be removed

Now look at the ``release_beta`` flow defined in the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

   release_beta:
        description: Upload and release a beta version of the metadata currently in packaging
        steps:
            1:
                task: upload_beta
                options:
                    name: Automated beta release
            2:
                task: github_release
                options:
                    version: ^^upload_beta.version_number
            3:
                task: github_release_notes
                ignore_failure: True  # Attempt to generate release notes but don't fail build
                options:
                    link_pr: True
                    publish: True
                    tag: ^^github_release.tag_name
                    include_empty: True
                    version_id: ^^upload_beta.version_id
            4:
                task: github_master_to_feature

> This flow references both ``version_id`` and ``version_number`` return values set on the ``upload_beta`` task.

Author: ```suggestion
This flow is an example of how subsequent tasks can reference the return values of a prior task. In this case, the ``github_release`` task uses the ``version_numer`` set by the ``upload_beta`` task as an option value. This is done with the ``^^upload_beta.version_number`` syntax. Similarly, the ``github_release_notes`` task uses the ``version_id`` set by the ``upload_beta`` task as an option value. This is done with the ``^^upload_beta.version_id`` syntax.
```

Reviewer 4: @Br4nd0R Option value, or optional value?

Author: lowercase 'o'

Reviewer 4: @Br4nd0R No, is it "option value" or "optional value". :)

Reviewer: @jusstinvholt option value. The `github_release` task takes an option named `version_number`, and the value of that option (the actual version number) is being set to the `version_number` that was returned by the `upload_beta` task.

        3.1) task: dx_push
            when: project_config.project__source_format == "sfdx" and org_config.scratch
        4) task: uninstall_packaged_incremental
        when: project_config.project__source_format != "sfdx" or not org_config.scratch
    3) flow: config_dev
        1) task: deploy_post
        2) task: update_admin_profile
    4) task: snapshot_changes

There are four steps to this flow. The first three steps are themselves flows, and the last step is a task.

All **non-negative numbers and decimals** are valid as step numbers in a flow.
This makes it easy to add steps before, in-between, or after existing flow steps.
If we wanted to add a step at the beginning of the dev org flow, valid step numbers would include any number greater than or equal to zero and less than 1. Example values would include 0, 0.3, and 0.89334. All of these would cause the step to execute before step 1 in the ``dev_org`` flow.

If you want to add a step **between** steps 2 and 3, then a step number of 2.5 can be used.

If you want to add a step **after** all steps in the flow, then any step number greater than 4 can be used.

> You can add an additional log line at the end of the ``dev_org`` flow with the following under the ``flows`` section of your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file:
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml
> 
>     dev_org:
>         steps:
>             5:
>                 task: log
>                     options:
>                         line: dev_org flow has completed

Author: Let's make this a separate example. As we discussed, it doesn't really blend well with the prior couple of lines.
```suggestion
For example, you can add an additional log line outpu at the end of the ``dev_org`` flow by adding the following under the ``flows`` section of your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            5:
                task: log
                    options:
                        line: dev_org flow has completed
```

Skip a Flow Step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To skip a flow step, set the desired step number to a task or flow with the value of ``None``.

To skip the 4th step from the ``dev_org`` flow, insert this command under the ``flows`` section of your project's ``cumulusci.yml`` file.

.. code-block:: yaml

    dev_org:
        steps:
            4:
                task: None

.. note::

>     The value of ``task`` must be used when skipping a flow step that is a task. The value of ``flow`` must be used when skipping a flow step that corresponds to a flow.

Reviewer 4: Agreed! Just gonna put a note here, but you beat me to it.

.. code-block:: yaml

    <flow_to_modify>:
        steps:
            <step_number>:
                ``flow``: ``<sub_flow_name>``
                options:
                    ``<task>``:
                        ``<option_name>``: ``<value>``

All values with ``<>`` would be replaced with the desired values.

    Example: Examine the definition of the ``ci_master`` flow from the universal ``cumulusci.yml`` file:

.. code-block::

    ci_master:
        group: Continuous Integration
        description: Deploy the package metadata to the packaging org and prepare for managed package version upload.  Intended for use against main branch commits.
        steps:
            1:
                flow: dependencies
                options:
                    update_dependencies:
                        include_beta: False
            2:
                flow: deploy_packaging
            3:
                flow: config_packaging

This flow specifies that when the subflow ``dependencies`` runs, the ``include_beta`` option is passed a value of ``False`` to the ``update_dependencies`` task (which itself executes in the ``dependencies`` subflow). 

``when`` Clauses
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Specify a ``when`` clause in a flow step to conditionally run that step. A ``when`` clause is written in a Pythonic syntax that can evaluate to a boolean (True or False) result. 

Author: ```suggestion
Specify a ``when`` clause in a flow step to conditionally run that step. A ``when`` clause is written in a Pythonic syntax that can evaluate to a boolean (``True`` or ``False``) result. 
```

* ``config_file`` (string): Path to the org definition file to use when building the scratch org.

To override a value with the following syntax:

.. code-block:: yaml
    
    orgs:
        scratch:
            org_name:
                key: value 

    Example: Override the default number of days from 7 to 15 on the ``dev`` org:

.. code-block:: yaml

    orgs:
        dev:
            days: 15

Configuration Scopes
--------------------

When we reference ``cumulusci.yml`` in our documentation, we are referring to the ``cumulusci.yml`` file located in your project's root directory. In actuality, CumulusCI merges multiple `YAML <https://yaml.org/>`_ files that allow for configuration to occur at several distinct scopes. All of these files have the same name, ``cumulusci.yml``, but live in different locations on the file system.

You can configure files at three scope levels: *Project*, *Local Project*, *Global*. Configurations have an order of override precedence (from highest to lowest):

#. Project
#. Local Project
#. Global

One override will only cascade over another when two configurations set a value for the same element on a task or flow.

>     Example: Task T takes two options, o1 and o2.

Author: ```suggestion
    Example: Task T takes two options, ``--o1`` and ``--o2``.
```
